So let's go to ErrorBoundary.js.
You can see here this is
already having some issues.
So let's go ahead and go fix those.
So first of all rename it
To be ErrorBoundary.tsx and
the first thing at the top from
react we're gonna get component but
we're also gonna get error info and
react node.
You'll find that you'll use react node
quite a bit that's just like here's
a react thing, like a react a child or
a click a component.
So, the first thing we have to put in here
that we didn't put before is we didn't
have a redirect Okay.
So you have to put
redirect in there's false.
Okay and then we have to add
types of the parameters here.
So, get derived state from errors.
We have to tell it what
it expects to return.
In fact, you can see here,
you don't have a return type on
this I expect to return type.
So here we're gonna say it's gonna
return a has error, which is a Boolean,
and it's also gonna return
a redirect which is a Boolean.
So actually,
what we probably could have done is
we kind of made an interface
here of state type.
And this is gonna be has error.
Anyway, you could actually make a type
here and then reuse it multiple places cuz
you can see that we have a state
that does that, we have that.
I'm not gonna finish that out but that's
kinda some of the things you can start
thinking about it as like, hey,
can I make a reusable interface here?
But now this is happy.
This one,
we need to give it a type of Error.
Actually, we can just do
that directly in here.
This is an error.
And the info is error info.
And This returns what?
Also returns nothing then it returns,
void.
Okay component did update,
this just returns void.
So void is good,
render this returns a react node.
So, as you can see here the colon
here means this is what it expects is
the return type.
So anytime that you have like a class
component here, what are those beat,
always return It always returns
some sort of react markup,
something that react can render.
There you go, now ErrorBoundary
is totally written in TypeScript.
Script It's really what
this is like migrating
your app from JavaScript to TypeScript
is just a game of whack a mole, right?
You hit one thing,
another error pops up somewhere.
You hit that one, it goes back to
the other place, I don't know.
But it's a lot of hopping back and forth.
I'm leading you through a journey of like,
getting everything right on the first try.
But believe me, I actually had to hop back
and forth quite a few times like, okay,
this expects this from over here, right?
So yeah, you'll just get used to it.
And then once you have
the full migration done,
then you really don't have
to do this as much anymore.
All right, so we're gonna hop into
carousel now do carousel.tsx.
So here from react we're going to import
mouse event and react node, from react.
And then we're gonna do
an interface of props.
There's some people that insist
that you call this iprops.
It is up to you what you do.
Some people insist that all
interfaces must begin with Is.
Those tend to be kinda see sharp people,
they really like that.
I don't care.
I do, I just follow whatever the
established baseline is in any code base,
but I just wanted to expose
you to both of them.
So I'm going to call this one iprops for
now.
Okay, and it's gonna have an images and
that's gonna be a string.
And then here to carousel I can
identify this component expects iprops.
So you'll see this as a really common
pattern that people will identify
the props first, and then pass it in here.
You really can just say images,
string here,
equally acceptable, up to you.
If I have like one I'll do it this way
if I have two I'll do it our more I'll
do it this way but I wanna do to see both.
So just this component can
actually take several.
So the first one is gonna be props right
then here you would have a state and
you can identify what
the state's gonna look like.
We don't have to do that because
we have default state here and
react is smart enough and to say that, you
gave me state, I'm gonna infer from that.
And then here would be I context,
here's the context of this react
component is going to expect.
But we're not gonna do that, we just have
five props, that's all we care about for
now, so that we're we'll do that.
Okay, handle index click.
This event is a mouse event That
will happen on an HTML element.
Okay and this returns void
Okay, and
then here all we have to do is above it,
just make sure that this actually
has a target that we can use.
So we're gonna say if,
we'll do it this way event.target
is an instance of HTML element,.
Then return.
And now we can be because, it is
technically possible that you can get
a mouse event that has no
HTML element behind it.
It is technically possible and TypeScript
is very defensive to say you need
to assure me that I will not get to
here without this being an HTML element,
and I'm positive of that, right?
So once we get here and
then we can be positive.
All right,
this is definitely gonna be real thing.
All HTML elements do have data sets and
this could be undefined but
that would just cast
to zero which is fine.
Makes sense?
It's kind of strange.
I said, you'd have to do a lot of
defensive programming when you're doing
TypeScript.
Okay, then down here the render
this just returns react, node.
Now, keep in mind It's not TypeScript
requiring you to get these return types,
just so you know, it's actually ES lint.
So the ES lint rules that we put in there,
say, hey, every function,
I just expect return types.
I want to be triple sure, but actually
the react component here would already
guarantee you that, so, to be honest
with you, this is kind of an annoying
rule that we're just adhering to
because it's part of the ESLint thing.
But it's always good just to know,
here's what I expect here.
I don't expect this to
ever return anything.
So if I tried to say, return five here,
it's gonna say, now you know what,
you can't do that you told me that
this is not gonna return anything, so
I'm not gonna let you.
So, is it helpful?
Probably, am I teaching it to you anyway?
Yeah.
So there's like angle brackets here.
These angle brackets represent like
I'm basically passing parameters to
the component type.
So this component type,
you can see here, what I have,
it has a p equals which stands for
props, s equals ss.
I forgot what the ss stands for, I think
it's context but might be different.
And this is just letting that
component know here is a subset of
props that I'm expecting you to deal with,
right?
It's basically like I said,
it's like parameters for
a function where I say math mean 5,
right?.
This is where I'm passing 5
to the math.mean function.
I'm passing props to the component type
and it's gonna do something with it.
So in this particular case, the first
parameter, right that this generic gets,
it's going to assume these
are the props that you're getting.
The second one that we're not giving,
these are the states that you expect,
right?
So they're basically like just
parameters to a function.
That makes sense, hopefully.
>> Brandon's auto important for
you to see the screen.
>> Yeah.
I didn't show you that in the last one.
Let's just go,
I think it was in here that I did that.
Well, I'll just I'll show you down here.
Let's say I needed to look at,
I have a keyboard event.
So you can see there I have,
as soon as I start typing this,
it's actually looking at all the types
that I have available to me.
If I just go down to keyboard event and
I hit Enter,
that gave me the wrong type of keyboard
event that's gonna be the the browser one.
But there's one that comes from,
when it comes from react,
what's another thing that comes
from react like use state.
So here if I type use state and
then I hit Enter,
notice that it actually just
pulls that out of react for me.
So that's something that VS code
just kinda does for you nicely.
So if you know something that you have it,
you have access to it,
you can just start typing it and
you hit enter on it and react or
type VS code will pull it in for you.
Good question, I use it all the time.
I get super lazy and
I don't like typing things.